{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww16300\viewh16660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 A White Lie\

\f1\b0 \
\'93December 25th.\'94\
\
\'93Hey, your birthday is on Christmas?!?\'94\
\
\'93Yep, every year.\'94\
\
\'93So, do you get cheated out of presents or what?\'94\
\
\'93Not so much as cheated as much as overlooked. Ya know, Merry Christmas ya-da, ya-da, ya-da\'85oh ya, it\'92s Matt\'92s birthday too.\'94\
\
\'93Wow, I\'92d never want to be born on or near a holiday.\'94\
\
\'93Yea, it\'92s funny. My father was born on April 1st\'96April Fool\'92s Day and my mother was born two days before Halloween\'85though my sister, on the other hand, was born on July 25. The middle of summer nowhere near any holidays.\'94\
\
\'93If I had a choice of having my birthday on one of those dates, I would definitely have taken your sister\'92s\'85in the summer and and it\'92s perfect for pre-school shopping.\'94\
\
\'93Perhaps, though my sister took it hard for not being able to have people associate her birthday with a holiday. She\'92s always tried to please us. Always begging for attention. Doing anything. First she tried being good at stuff. Good in school. Good in sports. When that didn\'92t work, she tried being bad at stuff. Shoplifting. Drugs. Tattoos. Pierced nose. Grand theft auto. You know? Nothing seemed to work though. I guess that\'92s when she decided to kill herself.\'94\
\
\'93You\'92re kidding, right?\'94\
\
That\'92s when I smiled.\'a0\
}